on Thursday , October 23 at eight o'clock and
fourth out of humanities then the
assembly was already approaching its end and a
subject standing in the corner of the
faculty and I noticed that I was carrying a radio in
His hand does not fight hard and continue
walking I went by martínez 28 of
August and as half of the avenue the
same guy stood fast in front of me and
He told me we want to talk to you when
listen the we want the first thing I did
was quickly flipping back there
I saw that it was parked a few meters away
a patrol painted with the colors of
state but did not have patrol number
neither plates inside there were three
plainclothes subjects again I came
to see the subject in front because
he continued talking to me he asked me which one
it was my relationship with humanities that if
had been in the assembly and what
agreements we had arrived but I said
that I did not have to answer him
then two of those who were in the
truck that had already been lowered and
standing behind me they took me for the
back and they climbed me in his truck
I quickly put a jacket on
head so he could not see
where they took me
However, they admitted me to the barracks of
san josé I protested asking for
some crime charge but they laughed
and they told me that they did not need
excuses two reasons that could
lift when I gave them the fuck
I told them I was going to sue them
You can report but they told me that here
nobody fought those mothers between insults
and shoves put me inside a
cell sat me in a chair in his
interior began again to
question me what are you planning to do
How many leaders are there, I answered that
nothing that we are going to take classes and that
there are no leaders that we all are
equal partners at the university
then one of them said
to see bastard pas de migas that right now
speak I asked him what to do
I was referring to what they were going to do to me but
the more insults they told me
shut up while spraying pepper spray
on a rag and already wet they placed it
on my face when I remove it
they told me that one would speak while
of them whipped his club against the
grate again and again as I wanted to
scare me I told them not that I was going to
shut up and wait for method then one
He left and came back with several bottles of
liter of pure water and some newspapers the
which started to get wet with the water
I do not know what they were thinking about
do with them
because when they demanded that I
lie down and I refused one of them
he put his boot on my chest and threw
ground
then the kids that were
detained in adjoining cells
they started making noise and screaming at
the police asked them about me
crime and they demand that I let go
leave in peace since it was seen that I
I had not done anything
between all that the policemen stopped and
before leaving, one of them told me
we were going to fuck everyone I will
I asked why if we were
committing some crime and they
they said that this was worth to them that
they could do whatever they wanted
when they wanted to and if I complained or
I was trying to denounce I was not going to achieve anything
because the offices nobody was going to do
case then they told us that they were going to
fuck for riding blowjobs and then
of that they left the cell when
they had to move away I demanded the
call to which I have the right but only
they laughed and did not come back until the
next day when a cell entered my cell
police stress and brought uniform the
others were in civilian and he let me
open the cock for what I stand and
I left there without anyone telling me anything
did not make me sign anything when I saw the
I knew I had been released at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon of the next day